StreamingHTTPChannel2023 (#1878)
CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer: documentation/markdown/architecture/features/notifications.md

* The `WebhookChannel2023Type` class contains all the necessary typing information.
* `WebhookEmitter` is the `NotificationEmitter` that sends the request.
* `WebhookUnsubscriber` and `WebhookWebId` are additional utility classes to support the spec requirements.

## StreamingHTTPChannel2023

Currently, support for [StreamingHTTPChannel2023](https://solid.github.io/notifications/streaming-http-channel-2023)
only covers default, pre-established channels made available for every resource. Those channels use `text/turtle`.

Support for custom, subscription-based channels can be added in the future.

* For discovery, there is a `StreamingHttpMetadataWriter`, which adds `Link` to every `HTTP` response header
using `rel="http://www.w3.org/ns/solid/terms#updatesViaStreamingHttp2023"`. It links directly to the `receiveFrom`
endpoint of the default, pre-established channel for that topic resource.

> * Requests to `receiveFrom` endpoints are handled by `StreamingHttpMetadataWriter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requests to `receiveFrom` endpoints are handled by a `StreamingHttpRequestHandler`.
```

This got lost from my previous review somehow.

    * It performs an authorization check.
    * It creates a new response stream and adds it to the `StreamingHttpMap`, indexed by the topic resource.
    * It sends an initial notification, similar to notification channels using a `state` feature.
* `StreamingHttp2023Emitter` is the `NotificationEmitter` that writes notifications to matching response streams.
* `StreamingHttpListeningActivityHandler` is responsible for observing the `MonitoringStore`
  and emitting notifications when needed.

>   It doesn't use `NotificationChannelStorage` since the default, pre-established channels are not
>   subscription-based. Instead, it uses `StreamingHttpMap` to check for active receivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It doesn't use a `NotificationChannelStorage` since the default, pre-established channels are not
  subscription-based. Instead, it uses a `StreamingHttpMap` to check for active receivers.
```
